XFE v2 args fix (#10870)
demisto/content: Packs/XForceExchange/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### IBM X-Force Exchange v2

> - The **threshold** argument in the ***ip*** command now works as expected.
> - The **threshold** argument in the ***url*** command now works as expected.
> - The **threshold** argument in the ***domain*** command now works as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **threshold** argument in the ***ip*** command was taking the value of the parameter instead.
- Fixed an issue where the **threshold** argument in the ***url*** command was taking the value of the parameter instead.
- Fixed an issue where the **threshold** argument in the ***domain*** command was taking the value of the parameter instead.
```
